# Common## Common.Transformations### TransformDateTimeThis class provides static functions for moving a DateTime object from its current position to either the start or end of that same day, preserving the "kind" of date in the process.These are quite useful for data store CRUD operations and also ensuring that you're capturing all instances within a range measured by dates. Set the start of the range to StartOfDay and the end of the range to EndOfDay to ensure inclusive capture.---### TransformRawTextThis class provides static functions for raw text manipulation (e.g., mail merge). The `Transform` functions are useful for merging templates, dictionaries, and regular expressions into desired outputs.Regular expressions are provided for data tags, curly braces, square brackets, and pound signs, but any regular expression can be provided. The `indexOfGroupWithKey` is useful when providing custom regular expressions.A couple of additional functions are provided for common string manipulation, including `ConvertNewLinesAndTabsToSpaces` and `CondenseSpacingAndTrim`.The `Transform` function allows for recursive processing, so it's possible to replace tags with text containing text other tags; it will process the text until no tags remain or until the `maxRecursiveIternations` has been met. This argument is intended to prevent infinite loops.This class also contains a couple of common string manipulation functions, such as a function to remove newline characters and one to condense spacing in a string.#### Example```string firstName = "Kitty";string text = "<html><body><p>Hello #FirstName#!</p></body></html>";string expected = $"<html><body><p>Hello {firstName}!</p></body></html>";// The dictionary keys are case insensitive.var dictionary = new Dictionary<string, string> { { "firstname", firstName } };var output = TransformRawText.Transform(template: text, keyValuePairs: dictionary, regularExpression: POUND_EXPRESSION, indexOfGroupWithKey: 1);Assert.Equal(expected, output);// This line and the Tranform() function above are equivalent.output = TransformRawText.TransformPounds(text, dictionary);Assert.Equal(expected, output);```See the unit test project for additional examples.---